[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Hi, I'm Sophie from
the House of Wellbeing.
In our addiction
and stopping habits
guided meditation and
hypnotherapy series,
you'll find audio
to help you deal
with a variety of different
addictions and habits
that you no longer want or
need, such as addiction, anger
management, blushing,
nail biting,
obsessive-compulsive disorder,
overcoming laziness, sugar
addiction, and clenching
your teeth and jaw at night.
Our audio is slightly
different to guided meditation
alone because we use
powerful therapeutic tools,
including cognitive
behavioral therapy,
neurolinguistic therapy,
visualization, and of course,
hypnotherapy.
And it's that combination of
powerful therapeutic tools
put all together that help
you to make those changes
to those unwanted, negative
thinking patterns, beliefs,
and behaviors.
When you listen to
our audios, you'll
be put into a deep
state of relaxation.
And it's a state that's
really familiar to you.
You go into that state just as
you fall asleep every evening.
It's a really natural
state, and it's really safe,
so there's nothing to
worry about at all.
When you're in that lovely,
deep state of relaxation,
your brain waves go into
the theta brainwave state.
And that's important
because then we
can bypass your conscious
mind and talk directly
to your subconscious mind.
And the reason we want to
get to your subconscious mind
is because that's where all
your permanent thoughts, habits,
and memories live.
So by talking directly to
your subconscious mind,
we're able to really
make some changes.
We're able to retrain,
reframe, and rewire
your mind so that
we can eliminate
that negative
thinking and instead
replace with
empowering suggestions,
and they'll be long lasting.
And you'll see those
changes once and for all.
We recommend that you
listen to our audios
at least four times so you can
override those old thinking
patterns and you can compound
with new positive thinking
patterns.
It's different for everyone.
But do make sure you listen
to them at least four times.
And you should soon start to
see some changes in the way
that you think or feel.
You can listen to our audios at
any time of the day or night.
But we suggest that you
listen to them when you're not
too tired because if you
fall into a deep, deep sleep,
then your subconscious
mind just isn't listening.
So try and stay in a
nice, relaxed state
but not into a deep state where
you've just fallen asleep.
Do make sure that you
listen to our audios
when you're free from
any distractions.
So don't listen to them
when you're actively
doing something, like driving
or operating machinery.
If there's an emergency and you
need to come out of hypnosis,
that's no problem.
That's absolutely fine.
Your subconscious
mind will alert you,
and your easily come
out of hypnosis,
just like waking up from a
nap or from a little sleep.
It's no problem at all.
So for now, please click
on any audio that you feel
is relevant to you
within the series.
Find a comfortable position,
whether it's a bed or chair,
just any way you can
relax and let go.
So close your eyes to begin.